While viewing person B's profile, person A must make a binary decision -- swipe right to indicate liking B or swipe left to indicate disliking. 

A and B match and may start a conversation if and only if they swipe right on each other. 
Additionally, if A swipes left on B before B sees A's profile, A will never show up in B's feed. 

Candor uses an Elo rating system to evaluate the popularity of a user. The underlying premise is that people with similar levels of attractiveness will be most likely to swipe right on each other. Candor exposes a user's profile to a higher proportion of people with a similar elo rating, theoretically increasing their chances of matching.

1. If user A swipes left on user B before the B sees A's profile, A blocks B. Create a VIEW called Blocks that lists the user who blocks, the user who is blocked, and the timestemp of this blocking event. 

2. Elo rating is defined by a simple formula: E = 
Create a VIEW called EloRating that lists the user and his or her elo rating. 

3. List the names of all users who are heterosexual and have swiped right more often on those who are homosexsual than those who are heterosexual. 

4. List the name of users who have more than average view duration by others but have less than average like-to-dislike ratio. 

5. List the name and gender of users who cannot be matched with anyone they like. (i.e. swiped left by everyone they swipe right on)

6. Among the users who have been swiped left by at least one person that they like and has a lower Elo rating, list the name and age of those those who are bisexual.  

7. List the names, ages, city, and country of all pairs of matched users that are in the same city and country. 

8. List the name and gender of all users who, on a single day, have more than 80% chance to swipe right on profiles they view for less than 5 seconds. 

9. List the most common relationship type among people who have 5 or more profile photos.

10. List the average elo of users who have are taller than 5' 10" and born in November in the capital of each country in the database.

11. List the people who are in at least 10 chatrooms where they were the last to send a message.

12. Create a view "Match" with columns user1_id and user2_id where user1_id and user2_id mutually liked each other's profiles. (The view should be symmetric, meaning that if tuple (1000, 2000) exists, (2000, 1000) should also exist

13. From "Match", list the tuple that has the highest elo difference.

14. List the user_id, city, height, and relationship type of the user who has the lowest like to match ratio (liked a lot but is not liked back). 

15. List all user_id, fname, lname, and chat_id of users are in a chat where a message was sent by the same user 5 consecutive times. 

16. List the user_id, fname, lname, and height of users who have a height difference of more than 10 inches and are from different cities.
